Getting ready for Packet Labs (#1)
enkelprifti98/packet-distributed-minio: README.md

* `minio_erasure_set_drive_count` - This defines how many drives comprise an erasure set. It should be a multiple of the cluster size. We're going with **8**, which with our default settings means we will have 6 sets of 8 drives.
* `minio_storage_class_standard` - This defines how many parity drives will be used in an erasure set, we're setting this to **EC:2**. With our default settings, that means for 8 drives in an erasue set, 2 will be dedicated to parity.

For both `minio_erasure_set_drive_count` and `minio_storage_class_standard` you can choose to pass `default`. Default favors resiliency, the erasure set will be calculated such that it's a multiple of the number of servers in a cluster and also that it can't be more than 16. Default parity is n/2, or half the number of drives in an erasure set, meaning 50% of the clusters total storage will be dedicated to parity. Again, these are defintely things you will want to consider for yourself based on business and performance goals, and how reselient you want your cluster to be.

> To learn what storage driver model a given Packet server is using, you can deploy said instance with Ubuntu and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn what storage drive model a given Packet server instance is using, you can deploy said instance with a linux distribution such as Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS and run:
```
